# User Stories

### Account Creation 

* Teacher: I want to keep track of my students' practice progress in one handy location.  
* Student: I want to join my teacher's studio on the practiceHacker app so I show up on their leaderboards! I also want to be able to log what Suzuki book I'm in/what my current level of playing is so that the app gives me practice ideas I can actually use! 
* Pro/Hobbyist: I don't have a teacher, but I want to keep track of my practice habits whilst living that good old headless-chicken lifestyle. I also want to be able to log my level of study for practice hacks tailored to me. 


### Accessing Existing Information 

* Teacher: I want to be able to log in to view practice sessions for everyone in my studio. 
* Student/Pro/Hobbyist: I want to be able to log in and view my past practices/log a new session. I also want to be able to look up sheet music that my teacher suggests to me or listen to pieces I'm working on through the app. 


### Logging New Information

* Teacher: I'd like to be able to set goals for my students/make suggestions for them based on what they've been doing. 
* Student/Pro/Hobbyist: 
	* I want to be able to log new practice sessions and ideas.
	* I need to log my practice date, duration, and activities. 
	* It may even be good to measure duration by activity: 15 minutes playing scales, 45 minutes working through a new etude, 1.5 hours 		  learning orchestra repertoire, etc.  
	* I want to be able to set goals for myself--if I want to practice for 25 days in a row, I'd like the app to hold me accountable. 
* Student: I need the date to be generated by the app SO I CAN'T LIE TO MY TEACHER ABOUT WHEN I PRACTICED. 


### Viewing Logs

* Teacher: I want to see my students' progress--both all at once (as a studio) and individually. Ideally, I'd like more detailed information to be visible when I'm looking at individual students.
* Student/Pro/Hobbyist: I want to see my own progress in detail, so I can revisit old etudes/exercises that helped me in the past if I forget what they were. 


### Adding Practice Hacks 

* Teacher/Student/Pro/Hobbyist: I'd like to be able to suggest practice hacks for my students/peers. 
* Teacher: I'd like some practice ideas to be available to my students somewhere in the app just in case they run out of ideas...and in a perfect world, these practice hacks would be tailored to each particular students' level of study. 



### Setting Goals

* Teacher: I'd like to be able to suggest that my students have practice goals, and I'd like the app to hold them accountable for them (if they choose to set any goals, that is).
* Student/Pro/Hobbyist: I'd like the _option_ of setting a practice goal, but I don't want that to be a requirement. I'd also like to be able to toggle goals off if life gets out of control. Sometimes you don't need another thing making you feel like a failure, you know? 


### Reminders 

* Everyone: Life is crazy. I want this app to send email reminders to me/my students/my students' families about their practice goals to help us all stay on task! Building a habit is hard--especially in our workaholic society, ironically...but we tend to respond to push notifications pretty promptly, so maybe an email zooming in to remind us of a habit we're trying to form might help us set aside some time for it? Who knows. 


  


